# Curso para Desarrollar la Autoconfianza

1. What is the definition of self-confidence?
All answers are correct.

2.
What are the steps to create a powerful strategy for building confidence?
(1) Determine your values, (2) list your priorities, (3) aim to complete one task each day

3.
The fear of failure is a result of what?
(1) Determine your values, (2) list your priorities, (3) aim to complete one task each day

3. 
The fear of failure is a result of what?
Lacking the talent.
Not having enough skill or knowledge
Repasar

4.
What 3 things must be included in a year-long study plan?
Working time, resting time, study time.
Repasar

5.
Which of the following practices will boost success?
Setting a clear goal and plan, selecting a support team

6.
What is an effective study habit for improving confidence?
Studying a small amount each day is better than studying a large amount rarely.

7.
How do you start and keep a conversation going?
Make a personal connection and find common ground.

8.
Which of the following is NOT part of a good strategy for communicating effectively through writing?
Add an unfriendly thought.

9.
What one thing from this list will decrease your reading confidence?
Avoiding reading at all costs.

10.
What are 3 ways to develop workplace leadership and confidence?
Get a mentor, ask for training opportunities, remember people's names.

11.
Which answer is an example of a growth mindset reframe?
I’m always nervous in job interviews, but some time with a mentor could really help with my confidence.

12.
Complete the sentence correctly: Instead of viewing criticism and rejection as a negative experience…
reframe it as support and guidance.

13.
When giving an effective presentation, remember to…
Tell a story and link it to one central point.

14.
Select the main growth mindset principle for increasing confidence?
Embrace challenges and persist after setbacks.

15.
What are 3 ways to meditate for confidence?
Quiet sitting, contemplation, visualization

16.
An entrepreneur’s spiritual and financial cause…
Excites them long-term.

17.
A powerful business vision includes images of…
an inspiring product, service and idea


1. ¿Qué es la ansiedad?
Alerta del cerebro

2. Explorar con curiosidad es:
Apertura y Aceptación

3. Cuando experimento sensaciones incómodas de la ansiedad lo mejor es:
Explorar con curiosidad

4. Las personas que experimentan ansiedad son:
Cualquier ser humano

5. Un mito de la ansiedad es:
Solo se cura con medicamento

6. Es un detonador de la ansiedad:
Un pensamiento

7. Ser duros y autoexigentes con nosotros mismos ayuda a:
Incrementar la ansiedad

8. Las emociones son:
Mensajeros

9. Una práctica para monitorear las emociones es:
Hacer una pausa

10. Al experimentar emociones intensas lo mejor es:
Explorarlas

11. Un buen hábito para manejar la ansiedad es:aa
Meditar cada díaz


12. Cómo hacer pausas durante el día
Programando una alarma de 3 a 5 veces al día

13. Para vivir una vida plena debemos

14. Cuando meditamos, ¿qué debemos hacer con los pensamientos?
Analizarlos
REPASAR

15. ¿Qué esconde la ansiedad?
Una necesidad personal

